-	It has the below operators,
	
	+ - * / arthematic
	>> << insertion
	:: scope
	
-	Commenting: Programmer readable explanation which are stripped by the pre-processor before sending it to the compiler.

	// THis is a single line comment

	/*
		This is a multi line comment
	*/

-	C++ containes more than 90 keywords, which cannot be used accross.

-	Preprocessor code is understood by compiler and all the directives are replaced with actuals before going to build stage.

-	All the directives state with '#' and they are not C++ code, some of them are

		#include
		#if
		#elif
		#else
		#endif
		#ifdef
		#ifndef
		#define
		#undef
		#line
		#error
		#pragma
-	Lower datatypes when type casted or used in [math] operations, they are automatically promoted to Higher

			2 * 6.1
			2 will be promoted.

-	Higher to lower demotion, which is not recomended, one should be careful and identify such occurences.

			int num {0};
			num = 123.456

			data after the decimal is lost.

-	Formula to calculate the excat address of an index in a 2d array

			int Array[m][n] // 2D array with m-rows and n-collums, where 'l0' is base address, w is Data type

	-	Row Major Mapping,

			AddressOf(Array[i][j]) = l0 + ( w * ( (i*n) + j) )

	-	Collum Major Mapping,

			AddressOf(Array[i][j]) = l0 + ( w * ( (j*m) + i) )

- 	Formula for N-D Array,

		Array[i1][i2][i3][i4]

-	"static" keyword will make the local variable to be initialized once for an entire run of the program and accessable only through the function which it is declared.[ can be assumed as a global as the data persists after the function call.]

-	All pointers be it int,double,char,'unsigned long long' are of the same size but the size of the entity that pointer points to is different.
	-	good practice to initialize pointer variables with {nullptr}/{}, else there might be rough stops while execution.
	-	void pointers are mostly used in C.

			int max_score {100};
			int* max_score_ptr {&max_score};
			double* game_score_ptr {nullptr};
			game_score_ptr = new double[10];

	-	Pointer arthmatic
		- As per the precidence chart "*" and "++" both have same priority, so associativity will be checked which is right to left.
			(*game_score_ptr)++ // case 1: dereferencing the pointer getting the value and incrementing the value.
			*game_score_ptr++ // case 2: After using *game_score_ptr , Incrementing the pointer to by the size_of type.

	-	const pointer
		
			const int* high_score {&max_score}; // The dereferenced data cannot be changed but variable is allowed to point to a different address.
			int* const high_score {}; // The data inside the dereferenced can be changed but the pointer will remain the same.
			const int* const high_score {}; // both the data and the pointer cannot be changed.